c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\DimondKata.XML
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\DimondKata.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\DimondKata.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\FsCheck.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\FsCheck.Xunit.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\FsCheck.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\FsCheck.xml
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\FsCheck.Xunit.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\FsCheck.Xunit.xml
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.xml
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\obj\Debug\DimondKata.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\obj\Debug\DimondKata.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\DimondKata.dll.config
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.desktop.dll
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\FsUnit.Xunit.dll
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\NHamcrest.dll
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\FsUnit.Xunit.pdb
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\FsUnit.Xunit.xml
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\NHamcrest.pdb
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DimondKata\DimondKata\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
